Hey, good morning family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining me again today.
Yesterday's video, I felt like we made some good ground in the spirit when we prayed.
I felt it all day long. We had pushed a major boulder out of the way, and we have much more work to do.
When the Lord was talking to me about the visions and the things that he is showing me—the critics thinking that it's familiar spirits—I told you we're here to give all the glory to God.
Everything we do in word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God.
The Lord was saying, 'People try to compare you to a psychic, son, and I don't want them putting you in that box.
You walk in a prophetic mantle, and what I've called you to do is to be a watchman and tell my people what's coming.'But right now, the focus is too much on you, and I want them to focus more on prayer.
We must put our attention on Jesus for what's coming, and we must pray for the days ahead because the days are evil.
We see great things happening already in the news and the media concerning major weather events.
If we go back to what the Lord showed us on November 11th, I saw a major ice storm coming to America that would be genetically modified.
It's like weather warfare, weather manipulation. I saw an ice storm coming from the Oklahoma area all across America that would be over a stretch of a thousand miles.
If anybody remembers that, I saw deep purple in this, and the Lord said those are ice percentages—how much ice this place will get.
It was a crippling ice storm, so much so that it shut power out for some cities for up to three weeks or a month.
It was bad. And the Lord said to me, 'Brandon, I have given you power and authority on this earth.
If you take authority with your prayer group and pray, you will be just like me speaking to the storm at the Sea of Galilee and telling it to be still.'Peace came over the storm.
You have the same ability; as he is, so are we in this world, to pray over your area.
If you are a believing believer, I'm telling you, it's time to rise up and use your God-given authority over the weather—praying over the storms, praying over this ice storm, and praying over your power.
It's not meant for us to go without power for that long. It's not meant for us to have crippling weather that messes up our trees and our roofs.
I believe we can pray over this and shift it. I believe that we can do a lot of things through the power of the name of Jesus.
This is one of them. I want you to see this clip real quick of what the Lord showed us concerning the ice storm on November 11th.
Braden, correct me if I'm wrong, but I want you to listen to it and I'll be right back with you.
The Lord told us, 'You're about to see weather manipulation, weaponized weather more than what you've ever seen before.'He said that even last night with ice storms, winter cyclones with heavy snowfall, blizzard conditions in Buffalo, and lake-effect snow that will be the largest we've ever seen.
I saw major weather events in the days ahead. Well, you say, 'Well, Brandon, we have weather events all the time.'Yes, but this is going to be different.
I saw major winds and straight-line winds. I saw power outages that would go for a thousand miles—just crippling ice storms.
And the Lord said, 'You have to pray over the weather.'That's when the Lord showed me there'll be snowstorms in the days ahead where there'll be so much snow in an area people will have to dig themselves out of their houses because there's so much snow that falls in such a short amount of time.
It will look like something biblical. Snowstorms as tall as their houses, and people were digging themselves out, buried in snow in certain cities.
It's never happened before. I don't know what the average house height is, maybe 8 feet of snow if you're digging yourself out of your house. That's a lot of snow.
Meteorologists have described it as the heaviest snowfall in 146 years, with some areas receiving over three months'worth of snow in just a few days.
I saw ice storms that went from Oklahoma all the way up—crippling ice storms—and lost power for a long time because the purple was so deep.
It was a terrible ice storm that went clear through Arkansas, Tennessee, and Kentucky.
It was different shades of pink, purple, and black. I thought that was interesting. Major ice storms over a thousand miles long.
You might say, 'Well, Brandon, you said a thousand-mile-long time.'Okay, so that's what the Lord warned us, and here we are.
We are right at that point in time this weekend for a major ice storm that the Lord warned us was coming. So, what are we going to do about it? We're going to pray.
The other part is I have a great caution concerning our president and him being over in Switzerland right now for the safety of his life.
As I was praying over him talking in his speech, saying, 'Hey, it's been 365 days; it's been a year since we were inaugurated and in office, and look at all that we've done.
We've busted all these people,'and he mentioned ICE and the success of his presidency over one year.
I had such a caution about all that's about to take place, and the Lord said, 'I told you over the next two weeks to pray over the valley of decision all the way up until the 26th, going into the 3rd of February.'Remember, this is a time frame for black swan events for the Olympics on February 6th, praying over our nation concerning the Super Bowl, praying over major events concerning the United States of America.
We made it through the college championship; nothing happened. All glory to God.
I believe it was a high time that they could have done something, but they didn't.
So, we're praying over our churches. The Lord keeps bringing up churches, so we'll pray over them tonight.
We're going to pray over the water. Last night, I was praying over the deep and the water.
I saw deep trenches and volcanic eruptions about ready to go off and major catastrophic events about to take place with tsunami waves, volcanic eruptions, and earthquakes.
They're talking about all these auroras, solar flares, and the sun.
There'll be major activity in your sun, and this is a sign of the end times.
I get real with you: I get excited about all this stuff because I'm looking up because I know my redemption draws nigh.
If you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, it's time for you to come to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
It's a heart thing. I want you to know that Jesus Christ loves you and has a plan for your life. As you're watching this video today, it's not by accident.
We're praying for you, for the lost, for people to get born again, and for the baptism of the Holy Ghost, that people would find a deeper, intimate relationship with the Father.
To those that knock on the door, he's there and ready to open it. That those who are seeking him will find him.
I believe in 2026 it'll be a year for your intimate relationship with the Father.
What was dry in your life all through the past will be a time of a great river of growth and like a tree planted by the water.
You're going to be drinking from that Holy Ghost water as you come to this channel on a day-to-day basis, praying with me that your intimacy with the Father will go deeper and you'll have more than a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus.
You'll have an intimate knowledge of the Lord Jesus—that he loves you and that he has a plan for your life.
I'm not here to scare you; I'm here to prepare you. I believe that God has put me in this position to come on here and warn the people of that which is to come.
Signs follow them that believe, and I believe we're just walking in the Great Commission.
We're going to go into all the world, laying hands on the sick and they'll recover, casting out devils.
We will lay hands on the blinded eyes and they'll open. We'll raise the dead.
We'll do all the things that the Lord Jesus Christ commissioned us all to do.
It shouldn't be shock and awe when we see it happen, but I thought it was interesting.
My wife did a college paper when she was in college; it was on church growth and planting, and she did this church growth and planting class at ORU in 2013.
It was the statistics of how long a church makes it and all the things that happen with a major church.
So I put that in the community thread on our channel to show the statistics about how many churches do not lead people to Jesus.
It was the statistics on how many people are witnessing and their salvation being taught and people going out evangelizing. The numbers were staggering of how bad it really was.
Regardless of how many people say, 'Hey, Brandon, the only reason you get a lot of people saved on this channel is because you scare them to Jesus,'I say, 'No, I'm trying to warn you.'Because I warn you of what's coming is not to scare you.
I'm not trying to scare you to Jesus; I'm trying to tell you the truth, and it's not sugarcoated.
If you don't accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, you're going to hell.
People go, 'How can you say that?'I didn't have to; the Bible did.
I'm not trying to tell you anything that the Bible hasn't already warned you about.
A preacher may try to tell you that you can't tell people they're going to hell.
I don't have to tell you you're going to hell; the Bible tells you you're going to hell if you don't accept Jesus Christ. There is no other way to the Father unless it's through him.
If you don't confess Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, ladies and gentlemen, you're going to spend eternity in hell.
Why? Because the Bible told us we would. So there's no fear in that; that's just truth.
And sometimes truth will scare the poo out of you because you're living in sin.
And if you're living in sin and you're not serving the Lord Jesus Christ, the Bible says you're going to hell.
That's just the blatant truth. If you're living in a bad homosexual relationship, you're going to hell.
That's just the truth. People don't want to hear it, but I'm here to tell you the truth.
I have pastors say, 'Hey, you know, brother, you can't scare people to Jesus.'I'm not scaring them to Jesus; I'm trying to tell them the truth of what God's Word said.
And in doing so, they're being convicted and running to Jesus.
All glory to God, ladies and gentlemen. It isn't Brandon Biggs doing any of this.
I'm telling you, I'm just an average guy that was a janitor for 15 years.
And the Lord said, 'Go on YouTube and tell them I'm coming, son.
I'm going to show you things and I'm going to do things in your ministry that have never been done before.'I think the body of Christ a lot of times rejects things that are new because they're used to the old.
But he said, 'Behold, I'm going to do something new in these last days, and I'll do it through you, Brandon.'I said, 'Well, what is that?''I'm going to show you things, and I want you to tell them what's coming, so they can pray over it.'So, in shocking the elders, a lot of times they get freaked out over stuff and they go, 'You know, that looks like it's an occultic thing, brother.'But all I'm doing is telling you that Jesus is coming.
He said, 'I'm bringing out new mantles and new giftings that the world has never seen before.
Will you be a part of it?'And I saw chariots of fire in heaven with packages of mantles and giftings for end times that the world has never seen before.
He said, 'Behold, I'm going to do something new that I've never done on this earth before.'But the elders, a lot of times because they hadn't seen it before, automatically label it witchcraft or darkness.
'Ooh, that's darkness. I don't know about that. We better check it.
We better test the spirits.'That's true. You should. Thank God you do.
But so much in testing it, you reject everything that God's trying to do—something new in somebody's life—and you say, 'Hey, we've got to hold that at bay.
We can't have that in our church.'That's kind of weird. I don't know. He sees it all the time.
And the Lord said, 'Brandon, I want you to package it a little differently.
And how you see, I show you stuff, but even how you do it, I want you to be careful on it.
I want you to do it this way.'He's instructed me for the elders, and I do it all for him because he wants them to pray.
They know how to pray. He wants them to come along. And I learned this: you just got to keep pushing on regardless of the elders, regardless of the young people.
I'm just here to tell you Jesus loves you. And I'm so thankful that you would take your time every single day out of your busy schedule.
So much in America is busy, busy, busy. So I'm going to try to keep it under an hour.
Here we are, probably at 15 minutes. I've said plenty now. All glory to Jesus. Here we go. Ready to pray?
You all forget that whenever I'm in the Spirit, I can go out and I hear conversations, and I'm only saying things that I've heard in the Spirit—people talking.
And so I'm allowed to say certain things, but the Lord said, 'Be very cautious in how you walk on this.'I hear people talking, big ministers, and the Lord will allow me to hear what they're saying about me.
And he said, 'I'll let you hear this, but I want you to correct this and keep marching on.'It challenges them to grow.
He goes, 'A lot of the time it has nothing to do with you, Brandon.
It's challenging them in their old stinking way of thinking.
I'm trying to pull them out of their ditch by using somebody new like you who is polishing.'Do you understand?
I'm rough like sandpaper, and I rub people wrong, I've learned.
They try to be nice to your face, but they aren't, and I love them anyway.
Because I realize that people are just people. Does that make sense?
You've got to love people regardless of whether they talk trash about you.
And that's people that you've been thinking of as friends, and you go, 'Well, that's all right.
Just keep walking on. Keep marching. I don't answer to you. I answer to Jesus.'Do you understand?
And that's what a lot of you will have to do in the days ahead. Because a lot of the elders, a lot of old people, they'll try to hold you back.
They'll try to say, 'Hey, this is the way we've done it.'And the Lord said, 'I'm going to have to remove them because they're being a hindrance to the flow of what I'm trying to do, and they're about to go home early, and I'll raise up Davids and elders that will not be a bump in the road, causing me to say, 'Well, this is how we've always done it.
This is the way we always will do it.''No, no, no. "Behold, I do a new thing,"He said.
"And I'm going to do new things in the next generation in this timeframe because what you did is over. And they can't use old bait to get the new fish.
They're going to have to use something new because the world is not the same world as it was in the fifties, the sixties, and the forties.
We're in a new generation, folks."And He said, "We've got to attract them in somehow."But it's always to attract, to deflect, and bring them to Jesus.
You've got to have new bait in this generation, and the old way of thinking has to change. That's what the Lord was showing me about that.
So I'm not here to embarrass anybody or call their name out whose conversations I heard; the Lord allowed me to.
I wish I could because they need to be corrected, but the Lord said, "It's not your place.
I'm doing it and I'm using you to do it, and they don't even realize it."So I say, "Okay, Lord, I humble myself and keep going.
Remember the janitor; remember the janitor, son."All right, let's take communion together. Who wants to take communion?
I know I went a little longer, but I just wanted, for the people who need to hear it, it's time to come up higher.
So here we go with our body with the Lord for what He did for us.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You died for us. I thank You, Lord, that You rose again on the third day.
I thank You, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well by Your stripes.
And Father, we take this body in Jesus'name and we lift it up before You.
We sit at Your feet boldly because, Jesus, You paved the way. Thank You, Father, for the body.
Thank You, Lord, for all that You've done for us, and thank You, Lord, that You healed us by Your stripes.
We take this in the name of Jesus. Lord, we thank You for the blood. We make much of the blood; the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us, and we apply the blood of Jesus over our sin. And we thank You, Lord.
You said in Your Word that as far as the east is from the west, You've taken our sins from us.
If we confess our sins, You are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And Jesus, You are our great Redeemer, our shield, our buckler; You're everything to us. Father, I thank You, Lord, for all that You've done.
I thank You, Lord, that a thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but it shall not come nigh us.
I thank You, Father, for the blood. We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us. I apply the blood of Jesus over us.
We thank You, Lord, that we're forgiven, we're washed in Your blood, and we're protected.
Now, God, I don't know if You'll show me anything because of what we've talked about, but if You do, I always cover my eyes in the blood, and we make room for You.
Lord, I'll not sit there and try to put You in a box. Father, I yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
I yield to that anointing and I give You much praise, Father.
I yield to the anointing and the mantle of the prophetic and what You have to say today.
And Lord, if there's anything You want to show us, anything You want to do, I always keep myself ready and right before You.
And I take this blood right now and I am seated with You in the heavenlies.
I give You praise and glory in Jesus'name. We yield to that anointing at all times.
I'm always ready; whatever He has for me, I'll lack no good thing, and neither should you.
We're the closers and we're finishing this thing up. Let's close this up right now.
Let's pray over President Trump and our weather. First and foremost, this weather storm is very big.
It's a major turner, and I need a lot of you to help me with this. This is a major storm.
I can cover my area where we live, but for me to stretch my faith out with you, I'll be your "two."I'll agree with you; I'll be your "two."Where two or more are touching—remember where two or more are agreeing—I'll be your "two"to agree with you right now.
So you agree with your area. If you live in this area where there's a major ice storm coming to America, let's agree and touch and agree right now.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we take authority over this ice storm. We command it to bow its knee.
We command weather modification and weather warfare to go now in Jesus'name.
I command just rain. I say, "Rain, come,"but no ice supernaturally.
Father, I thank You that it will be way too hot for it to stick and break limbs and power lines and all the devastation they say is going to be across this nation.
Father, or Your will be done, it will be too cold and it'll just be snow. But either way, Lord, I thank You that we will not have ice.
I don't know which direction to go other than by the Spirit of God saying either too cold or too hot, but I know the ice is not of You.
So Father, right now in the name of Jesus, we speak to the storm and we say, "Peace, be still.
Peace, be still,"in Jesus'name. We call you to wither up; we call you to dry up.
And we say in the name of Jesus, you will not cause great devastation over this area.
We plead the blood of Jesus over this, and we thank You, Lord, that Your hand is on it and You're steering it differently.
You're doing differently with it, and it will not be crippling or devastating.
I see it. We call it to move further north. We call that low pressure; you move up further and you won't come down here.
I saw it was coming down here toward Texas, and it came like this, and we need to push it up towards Kansas and Oklahoma. And we steer that low pressure in the name of Jesus by faith.
We say, "Low pressure, you move further north and you will not bring devastation towards the southern states and cause all this major damage."I call you to move up in the name of Jesus.
You move up higher. You go further north. We steer it going further north in the name of Jesus.
Push it up more, going into Chicago. Push it up more going into these areas of higher elevation.
Go up here in the name of Jesus. You go over Kansas, over Iowa, Illinois, Ohio, Tennessee, Missouri.
But don't go down where the air is too hot or where it's not cold enough where there's ice.
We stir you up in the name of Jesus. We have four days to do it: Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.
We turn this thing. We speak to it to move in Jesus'name and go up higher.
Turn. Turn on the jet stream. Turn in Jesus'name. You move up higher, low pressure.
We speak to you in Jesus'name. You move up higher. You will not cause devastation in Texas.
No. In Jesus'name, move! Move in Jesus'name. We ask You, angels of the Lord, help us move this up here now in Jesus'name.
I see it. The further north it goes, the colder the air because the colder air is going to meet it because of this Arctic front.
And because of that, it causes more snow up here instead of ice down here.
So that's why I'm telling y'all. I see if we can just move it up there by our faith praying over this thing.
We call you to turn. We call you to turn, Low. We call you to turn, Low.
There's resistance to that. We call you to turn, Low, in Jesus'name.
Low, turn! Low pressure, turn in Jesus'name! It was 4,000 miles away yesterday, probably three now, maybe two.
So we have time to turn this thing for many. Amen. No to the Low!
No! We call you to move up higher. We call for no devastation of ice.
We call the colder air and the Arctic air to come in faster in Jesus'name.
We call that cold front to speed up with a supernatural push and push through faster all over the northern and southern states.
Canadian air, we say, "Share the Canadian air, Canadians!"Bring it down.
We don't want that destruction. Not us down here. Wow, this is big. Many will come. The cold before.
We push it to move slower to give the cold time to move in during the day.
We push you back to make you slower to bring the colder air in during the day.
You hear me? We push you slower—slow down low—to bring in the colder air faster.
Be faster, cold air, and then let it move in. We're going to mess up those weather men's forecasts for them.
They're going to go, "Hey, what's happening to our computer models?"Oh, that's the kind of God we serve.
We call in the colder air to move faster and push back that slow in Jesus'name.
Every plot, every plan, every evil pursuit against us, we say it falls at our feet like leaves falling before us.
A thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at his right hand.
All demonic activity, all spells, all incantations, all witchcraft—anything associated with the occult—it falls at our feet.
The words that they speak fall at our feet. Every tongue that rises against us, we judge it and command it to fall at our feet in the name of Jesus.
The blood of Jesus Christ is against you. And that is concerning President Trump.
That's what I hear right now. We pray over him. There is so much occult and so many word curses coming against him.
They fall at his feet. They are not manipulating his mind. We pray over his mind.
Remember that cuckoo bird poking at his head? We pray that bird be taken out by an angel in Jesus'name.
You devil, trying to hide and cause confusion in that Oval Office around him, I say in the name of Jesus Christ, he's covered by the blood.
He will live long and finish strong. Though a thousand should fall at his side and ten thousand at his right hand, nothing shall come nigh him.
His plane will fly over and fly back, and he'll have nobody try to hurt or harm him.
I know he's going into a hostile camp. Father, I thank you that he would have wisdom on how to lead. Lord, I don't feel a green light over Greenland.
But Lord, if I'm wrong—which is none of my business, I'm just a prayer—I thank you that you fix whatever needs to be fixed.
It's not my opinion. I'm here to pray what the Holy Ghost tells me to pray.
My opinion doesn't matter, but yours does. And we pray over this situation with Greenland right now.
God, your hand of judgment and correction will be on whatever needs to be.
Father, I thank you that if it's over national security, they'll come to agreement and there'll be blessing for the people of Greenland and Denmark. Father, all the EU needs to go down.
Concerning the EU, there's a lot of corruption whenever it comes to the end times, concerning witchcraft, Switzerland, CERN, and the demonic activity I've seen concerning Germany, France, the Olympics, and Italy.
Father, I thank you that all this is being brought to a head because I know it's about revival, the great shaking, and alignments of kingdoms.
It's all getting set up for the beast, Antichrist system. It's all coming into play for bringing forth the antichrist system.
As we see Carney doing exactly what you said he would do. You said he'll go because the Canadian economy is in trouble.
And you said he would go to China and try to strike up deals for their economy and bring in cars for the new green agenda.
But you said it was too late. A great shaking is coming to Canada. I saw a great depression even worse than the 1930s.
But Father, I thank you that you'll supply every need for every believer there.
They'll have supernatural provision and be the voice pieces of revival coming to their nation for a great mighty harvest of souls.
The pastors, evangelists, prophets, teachers, and apostles will walk in the supernatural delivering Holy Ghost fire.
The church will rise up with a backbone like a crowbar and take the land for Jesus from sea to sea.
I believe Canada is about to have the greatest revival they've ever seen: Toronto, Ontario, British Columbia, Alberta, all of them.
I believe Quebec—we call them to have a major revival in the name of Jesus. Stir in Carney; stir in him that hard heart.
You'll prick his heart and bring him to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
We call Carney to come to Jesus right now. I thank you, Father, that there's no person that can't be saved.
I call a revival in Europe, over France and over this black swan event concerning the Olympics.
Every evil, wicked plan, I command it to fall down in Jesus'name.
Shaking the Catholic Church. Bringing revival to the youth, correction, and doctrine.
For you said, "I'm assembling my bride together, the church."That's every tribe, tongue, and denomination.
I believe as we all come together with one voice and one sound to save that which was lost, to reach the hardest hearts throughout Italy, Europe, Germany, Finland, and Ukraine.
Father, for the war and all the things taking place, we call a great shaking to awaken the church for the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
We call it from sea to shining sea. Father, we pray over Iran. We pray over the Ayatollah to be removed.
We call in new leadership, revival, and liberation over Iran.
We call Iraq's currency, the pink currency, to go up in value for a great harvest of money. Many will come. And this is concerning Niagara Falls.
The very decisions that will be made over these next couple of days will bring an acceleration of end-time events.
It will bring a great acceleration of end-time events. What you are about to see is another lynchpin.
It is like whenever you see a door and every single combination; whenever you're opening a big safe, every single combination makes that pin tick to open this great door.
The great door that is before Trump is the pin to the combination.
I see the door and the door is opening up, and the decisions that will be made even in the next couple of days will bring an acceleration to the end-time events.
Kingdoms will rise against kingdoms. There will be wars and rumors of wars, but you're seeing right now the phase of kingdoms rising against kingdoms.
There will be a great acceleration of a dividing of people concerning who's on my side and who's on yours.
And there will be those who join up with their own thing concerning the Euro. I remember I told you a great revival will come to Ireland.
There is a redhead girl there and these young people, and I saw people in black coats who look like old-timey thinking people there.
There was a revival rising up and these young people in this apartment in Ireland—I could see the street. I have seen it again.
And the Lord said, 'I will raise up people in Ireland and a major revival will happen all over the land of Ireland.'The religious fanatics that have been so brainwashed by religion will try to rise up and be scoffers; they will persecute you, but I will sustain you with my glory.
I will sustain you because there will be much fruit that you will display, unlike the dead fruit they have.
That is dead; this is live. He is going to use you. Don't allow the enemy to hold you back with the scoffers, similar to what happens to me.
You can't allow the dead people who have no fire anymore—that God used in the past—to hold you back from what God is about to do in the new thing.
You have got to press on. Don't allow deadness to water down your wood.
Burn hot for Jesus. It's time to bring the fire for Jesus. It's the fire that brings the people in.
It's the glory. Don't allow the cold dead wood to water down your fire. Stir yourself up every day praying in the spirit.
No matter how much naysaying you hear around you in Ireland, I hear, 'You will have wind in your sails to touch the land for Ireland.
Rise up, church. Rise up.'He says, 'A great revival is coming to Ireland,'and an unusual thing: you will see the dead person raised.
I see a dead person being raised in Ireland; I see a dead person getting up from the dead in Ireland.
And the Lord said, 'This will be a sign and a wonder in Ireland.
A dead person—it is going to shake the whole nation.'It is a man; he will die and he will come again.
Those that were dead, yet shall they live. The Lord said you will raise the dead, and I see an elderly man, probably about 65 years old.
The Lord said, 'I'm going to raise him from the dead and it will be a sign and a wonder to Ireland.'Watch this; it is about to happen. He said, 'Watch this.
I'm about to do something to shake the land of Ireland; it will be heard around the world.'A man that was dead for a number of hours is going to get up and he will tell about what he has seen.
It is going to shake the religion in Ireland. He said, 'I have got to do something very drastic to shake Ireland.'I see it very clear.
The Lord said, 'I'm going to shake Ireland, son. It's time to get excited about what God is about to do with you young people.
Shake off the old religious garments and come up higher with the fire because God is going to do something mighty in the land of Ireland.
Don't worry about what the old people think. You just be on fire for Jesus.
Be respectful, but be on fire. When the fire is on you, everybody comes to watch you burn.
Just keep your eyes on Jesus. Give all the glory to him for what he is about to do with you.
There is somebody watching me that is hungry, and God wants to use you.
It is all hands on deck right now. And he's just looking for a yielded yes: 'Here am I, Lord.
Send me.'I will lay hands on them and cast the devil out. I will raise the dead. And I see this man that is dead.
He has a big nose, wrinkles on his forehead, and barely any hair right up top—it is like he does a comb-over.
His hair is black and thick on the sides, and he wears a hat. You will see him on the news when he gets up.
They will try to silence this or 'poo-poo'it, but everybody will know that he got up from the dead because it will be a tragic accident and everybody will know it, especially in the town that he dies in.
But God said, 'I am about to do a sign and a wonder concerning this.'People will question, 'Is that AI?'No, it is Jesus.
He's about to show up and show off in the land of Ireland. Hallelujah for that!
The Lord makes me laugh. We just keep praying. That dead man is going to get up.
He has a big belly; he's tall and has like a beer belly. God's going to raise him up from the dead.
You have got to know he is going to do some big things in this generation and it is time to get excited.
Rejoice in the Lord, and again I say rejoice. Jesus is coming. He is about to do some new things.
'Behold,'he said, 'I do a new thing.'Everybody needs to be refreshed.
He breaks the yoke of bondage. He is going to raise the dead in Ireland. Thank you, Father, for the breakthrough. We just rejoice.
I'm telling you, he's the God of the breakthrough and he is going to bring it to Ireland.
He is going to bring something new. It's going to stir up all those old religious Pharisees.
Hallelujah. The joy of the Lord is our strength, ladies and gentlemen.
The joy of the Lord. That's what you've got to say to the devil: he's already lost. He's defeated. Oh, hallelujah, he's defeated.
Oh Father, we thank you that he's defeated concerning our nation, concerning the weather, concerning Ireland, and concerning what you show us.
Oh God, he's defeated. He's defeated by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
Satan, you're defeated, and we laugh at the devil. We laugh at the things of our past.
We laugh at our problems. We laugh at religion. We laugh at it because Jesus is fresh and he's alive.
He's alive and he's inside of you and me. He is there richly by faith, and we're so grateful for what he's doing in us.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord, that we're not dead. We're busted-up disgusting religion.
Father, we shake off the way people always try to put God in a box.
We break out of that box. Father, we thank you, Lord. Now, a greater day will come.
Growth, the growing, the glory—we thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us today.
And now, God, a great shaking you will see, then a great show today. Oh, we'll have the last laugh.
He said, 'You'll have the last laugh.'We thank you, Lord, for all that you have in store for every single one of us.
We thank you, Lord, for victory. Haha! We say, 'Devil, you're under our feet.'We thank you, Lord, for all that you have in store.
We praise you, Father, for you're the great restorer. Praise the Lord for all he's done today.
Thank you for joining us. I pray this video blessed you all. We'll do more prayer.
We'll keep praying over the nations and keep praying over things.
We're so grateful for every single one of you showing up every single day, praying with us and praying for everything that needs to be prayed for.
We pray for the weather, we pray for revival, and we pray now for our president's safety.
We love y'all, and we appreciate every single one of you. Please like, subscribe, and do all the things you can for us.
I'm really not focused; I'm getting to the point where whoever is here is here.
And I'm so grateful for the ones that take this seriously and pray with us because many hands make light work. That's what we say every single time.
And we're so grateful for every single one of you that take this seriously, that are here on assignment from the Holy Spirit for such a time as this.
God bless you all. Remember: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you, and we'll see you again. Bye-bye.